Legends of Dota
=====

**Support the innovators not the imitators.**

###About###
 - Pick your skills to build an overpowered masterpiece!
 - Test out different combinations!
 - Create unique and creative heros to dominate your opponent.

###Steam Workshop###
 - Click [here](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=296590332) to view Legends of Dota on the steam workshop.

###Requirements to Compile and Run###
 - Dota 2 Workshop Tools
 - Nodejs

###Compiling Legends of Dota###
 - This gamemode has a huge chunk generated by scripts
 - This gamemode has files that are relevant to different versions of the mod, and hence, should not be distrubuted with every version
 - You will need node.js installed
 - Copy `script_generator/settings_example.json` to `script_generator/settings.json` and fill in the `dotaDir` location, this is the path to your `dota 2 beta`, ending in a slash (/) -- Do not use backslashes
 - You will need to stage the directories, this creates virtual links to all the files, one for each build we offer, to do this, simply run `stage.bat` (this might need admin permissions)
 - `compile.bat` is used to compile script changes in the script_generator folder, you do not need to restage the changes

###Staging Legends of Dota###
 - Start by compiling Legends of Dota (See above).
 - Once compiled, you need to stage the project, this can be done by running stage.bat in the root directory of the project.
 - Staging the project creates two directories "dota/content" and "dota/game".
 - Launch the Dota 2 workshop tools and create a new addon (e.g. lod) that you will use to place LoD into. (You should not use any spaces.)
 - The contents of `<lod>/dota/content` needs to be placed into `Steam\steamapps\common\dota 2 beta\content\dota_addons\<addonname>`
 - The contents of `<lod>/dota/game` needs to be placed into `Steam\steamapps\common\dota 2 beta\game\dota_addons\<addonname>`
 - The contents can be simply copied, or a directory junction can be used to mount the folders directly into place. See documention for help, there are directory junctions created in stage.bat
 - If successfully setup, the following file should exist `Steam\steamapps\common\dota 2 beta\game\dota_addons\lod\scripts\npc\npc_heroes_custom.txt`

###Running Legends of Dota###
 - Stage Legends of Dota (See above)
 - Launch your Legends of Dota addon.
 - Start a map by running `dota_launch_custom_game <my_addon_name> <mapname>`, replacing <my_addon_name> with the name of your addon and <mapname> with a valid map name.
  - Valid map names can be found in the maps folder in the root directory of the repo. Do not include .vpk.
 - Check the console, you should see something along the lines of "Legends of dota is activating!". Any errors while loading will be listed below this.

###Alternative Install Method###
 - Download and Unzip Latest LoD Repository
 - Open "script_generator\settings_example.txt", add your dota diretory, rename "settings_example.txt" to "settings.txt"
 - Run "compile.bat"
 - Run "altSetup.bat", it should create "alt_dota" folder, with "content" and "game" folder inside.
 - If you haven't already, create a new empty mod folder with the Dota 2 workshop tools program. When you create it, the foldies will not literally be empty, but thats good, you need those default files. 
 - Copy the contents of "alt_dota\content\" to "\Steam\SteamApps\common\dota 2 beta\content\dota_addons\[NAME OF YOUR EMPTY MOD FOLDER]\".
 - Copy the contents of "alt_dota\game\" to "\Steam\SteamApps\common\dota 2 beta\game\dota_addons\[NAME OF YOUR EMPTY MOD FOLDER]\".
 - Replace any conflicting files.
 - Launch your created mod by Dota 2 workshop tools. When in game, open console, type "dota_launch_custom_game [MODNAMEHERE] custom", to start game. 
 -  Accompanying Video Walkthrough: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B7dpugx95_vaTjRYUWVrOGtfQlE/view?usp=sharing1


###Can I translate this into my language?###
 - Yes!
 - Open `src/localization/addon_<your langage>.txt`
 - You can reference `addon_english.txt`
 - You might need to save it as unicode, if non standard characters are used

###Translation Credits###
 - [Chinese by ethereal](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124343304/)
